I look at my rock bottom's and without
them I would never do the work that I do
I wouldn't have never found myself I
would have never found my entire purpose
on this planet your rock bottom is
literally when there is nothing else the
whole reason you're here can finally
come through because you're stripped of
everything and all you have is the
internal and that's when you get the
most clear answers everybody welcome to
impact Theory our goal with this show
and company is to introduce you to the
people and ideas that are gonna help you
actually execute on your dreams all
right today's guest is a three-time
fitness world champion and self-made
millionaire but that's today when she
was a kid she was relentlessly bullied
for her weight yet despite years of
being belittled by her peers developing
crippling anxiety and feeling like an
outcast because she grew up in an ultra
restrictive religious household in a
tiny town she still believed in herself
enough to strive for something more
after falling in love with working out
and how good it made her feel she poured
herself headlong into fitness
she began transforming her body and it
became her obsession she read the
magazines watched anything she could get
her hands on and promised that one day
she'd be the one with the amazing
physique inspiring others at first there
was a lot of failure but her discipline
and insane work ethic finally began to
pay off and at the height of her career
as a fitness competitor she set a
federation world record by winning miss
bikini universe miss figure universe and
miss bikini America titles all in one
year not satisfied with just helping
herself however she began a training
business to help other women reach their
full potential she quickly realized
though that training the body without
training the mind was fruitless so she
launched her next company the Bliss
project aimed at empowering women body
mind and soul since then she's also
launched the bliss habit and the body
and soul program which include online
courses meal guides any massive
community to help support each person's
unique journey of transformation she's
also the host of the top iTunes podcast
to earn your happy which has been
downloaded over five million times and
she has widely recognized as one of the
top fitness experts on the planet
she's been on the cover of countless
magazines including oxygen strong
fitness health and fitness and prosper
and is a much sought after
transformational speaker so please help
me in welcoming the TEDx speaker and
author of A Tribe Called bliss the queen
of bliss herself Lauri harder it's a
real moment amazing to have you on what
you've done is a really incredible
transformation knowing where you started
and seeing where you end up is
astonishing and what I want to talk
about is bullying because bullying
breaks most of the people that it
touches why didn't it break you that is
such a good question because I remember
feeling like it did there were so many
moments of when I look back just night
after night crying in my bedroom I
remember looking in the back of my
mirror and just saying the most
self-loathing things into that mirror
and just feeling broken and wondering if
tomorrow would be the day that I finally
stuck to a diet if tomorrow would be the
day that I could finally feel like I was
disciplined enough to not eat like these
were the thoughts that I was thinking at
a young age like I remember eight years
old saying these things in my head it
was this weird dichotomy of like
self-loathing along with bullying there
would be these moments where it was like
I knew I was meant for something bigger
it's like maybe I'm going through this
for a reason and that's really when
fitness was kind of it's like when I
would move my body I would be reminded
that this was maybe temporary I'm gonna
do something big had no idea what that
was going to be but that was kind of the
battling voices in my head that I'll
show you voice is something I find
really really interesting walk us
through the story of the going to the
swim party and the first time that that
voice really spoke to you so first of
all is it it's just so cool that you
know all of this stuff how do you know
that so there was a group in my church
who was having like a just to get
together going to a pool and I was so
incredibly excited because I loved to
swim it was like
that place where I just felt total
freedom right especially in the water
and I was so excited to show off my
skills because at the time it was like I
loved to perform I loved to force
everyone in my family to watch me like
do dances and sing and all of that was
that annoying kid in the family and so
went to the pool was so excited about
going off the diving board to show all
of my friends what I could do and my
crush happened to be there who I was
obsessed with along with these two other
girls that were in my church and they
were they were super thin and I remember
looking at them again that's such a
young age and comparing my body to
theirs and being like why am i not thin
like them why can't I just be thin like
them because I knew the boys liked them
as well so I got up on the diving board
and I remember just hearing chanting
like all of a sudden hearing chanting
from my friends and I tuned in and I was
like oh my god they're saying whale they
were yelling whale whale whale and in
that moment it was just like totally
deflated that was the moment that I
realized that words are so energetic
without knowing that's what what it
meant and it was like it just slayed my
heart and I jumped into the water
because there was nowhere else to go
and under the water I just I was bawling
thinking I'm not going to come back up I
don't want to come back up this was my
friends like the only people that I had
ever known are now basically criticizing
me because of my body and now I'm
feeling that I'm just a body and that
I'm useless if it's not the body I want
so there was a moment that was like I
remember sinking and sinking and feeling
the bubbles and hearing that whale in
your ears have you ever had those
moments where you just hear your own
pain and there was this moment and it
was like just wait just wait it was like
I'm gonna show you and that was it it
was like something went off in me that
was I will never feel this much pain
again I love that and I I wonder though
have you ever been criticized by people
who say well that's your just it's not
coming from a pure place I'm just doing
it to get back at these people
something I haven't heard that because
it changed it transformed so while that
was the beginning what happened later is
when I freed myself basically when I
realized that you can have the body
because as you the journey was more
about me trying to protect myself to be
honest it was okay if I get really fit
if I you know accomplish these things no
one can touch me I thought if I had the
external that they wouldn't be able to
penetrate it right I thought if I got
the muscles if I won the titles so it
started from that place of actually
protection and then when I realized it
doesn't matter what you have once I
started on that journey you're not sad
you're not satisfied and it doesn't make
anything different nothing changes if
you don't change the internal and I had
to free myself so I had to change the
dialog I had to learn to love myself
because no matter how much it changed
the body I was not I wasn't loving me it
was almost like I could take that and
turn that into self-loathing as well you
know still not being good enough I
started to realize that I wasn't happy
and I wanted to free myself and find
what that really was that made people
happy it was all giving back it was all
helping other people it was all you have
to free yourself first you have to heal
yourself first in order to help other
people so that's how it switched so
there's like a universe of stuff
revelations in that moment of going from
[Music]
I'm gonna prove them wrong I'm under the
water I you know just the the crush of
your life at that point yells don't jump
here there won't be any water left in
the pool like this real meltdown and
then going and putting on the armor in
essence so getting all of that and then
in that moment how did you have the
clarity to say this isn't working and to
know where to go from there because I
think a lot of people get stuck in I
think having a chip on your shoulder is
powerful hmm and I think that you
starting there I think is is actually
really empowering but then that second
revelation of I have to do the internal
work as well how where did that come
from how did you have that insight and
then how did you have the courage to
sort of reinvent yourself again and go
in a new path
you know I I look back at my journey and
I never knew what I was doing to be
honest with you ever I mean it's still
to this day I'm like still trying to
figure out what that next thing is in
kind of listening to that voice and to
be honest with you it's always been this
innate ability to to know that something
is speaking to me and I think we all
have it
I just really go to what is feeling most
aligned or like what gives you the most
life what gives you the most vitality
what gives you the most energy so for me
that's kind of what I followed it was
like when in the beginning it was when
do I not feel bad like how can I just
feel a little bit better than this and
that's what has always brought me back
to moving is moving has always brought
me clarity it's always helped me know
what that voice is saying even in my
marriage now Chris and I will constantly
if there's something coming up if
there's something we can't work through
if there's something in our business we
say let's take it on a walk because
that's when we can kind of slow down
listen to that voice what's next so I
think there's always that thing that we
know can come through and we either
choose to drown it out or we can do the
things that we know kind of make it
louder so the success that you had in
the physical world winning all the
titles and everything is to me it's the
equivalent of getting rich like somebody
who's on a physical pursuit they are
just convinced that when they get that
thing I'm gonna have everything and so
why isn't that true why why when you had
the just literally the perfect body
you're actually being judged you were
actually on stage and people are
actually saying this is it you have it
it's validated inside you must have
known there you know echoing that back
why can't money buy happiness body or
financially and I love that you said
that because they're they're exactly the
same like they're so parallel you
realize along the way or once you've won
something or once you've made a lot of
money it's like if you don't enjoy the
journey that moment is so fleeting it's
it's gone in a second and if you don't
have the inner mindset of loving
yourself of loving who you are of loving
what you do of wanting to make
an impact of wanting to help others of
wanting to improve someone else's life
like that it's honestly the most empty
feeling if you think that's the only
thing and I remember I had this moment I
had worked so incredibly hard it had
been like six years of competing some
people some people compete and win right
away and they get these covers and you
know that's just what I thought would
happen and six years later I'm still
like not winning not getting covers not
nobody's noticing me and finally
actually that year something shifted for
me that the year that I won like swept
everything and what happened is the year
prior to that I had started training
other people go figure training them for
stage really training them a lot in my
studio really wanting other people to
win like making their wins my win and
what happened is their journey became so
much mine and I became so just immersed
in making someone else's life better
that that next year it was like I was so
fulfilled and happy and that just
radiated I knew that my purpose wasn't
just the body
I knew that my purpose was so much
bigger than this one thing that all of a
sudden I showed up on stage is a totally
different person literally people were
like who are you what happened and I had
this moment of I I let go of thinking
this was everything and I actually
learned that the journey is about
helping other people it's about you know
really loving what you do and who you
are but loving the fact that you get to
do what you love for other people and
that just it flipped it literally
flipped on a dime for me and that that
was a moment of wow it's never about the
titles those things are amazing don't
get me wrong I love them I'm not gonna
lie but if you don't do both if you
don't use them or use them as a platform
for something they're gonna be really
empty because they're just a moment yeah
I love that so much and one thing that I
see in your story that I think is really
powerful and I want really want to like
take a second to drill down into it is
your way intense and you've said that
you know one thing after am I
every night we'll talk about feminine
and masculine energy a little bit later
but you have to remind yourself to
soften back up in the night I'm so
interesting so you've got this I really
like the titles I really want to go
after it I'm Way intense I want to win
I'm all-in getting in that kind of shape
is brutally difficult but then at the
same time you can balance it with the
playfulness and it's not all about that
how have you learned to strike that
balance and maybe more importantly how
do you teach other people to do that mmm
I've learned if I don't learn to strike
that balance that when I go to extreme
in either one I'm not I am NOT happy I
feel very scattered I feel frantic I
feel crazy so I think that for me when I
start feeling a little bit chaotic so
for me it shows up in a very like
grasping for straws things aren't
happening like I'm running into a wall
like the feeling of banging your head
against a wall that's what it feels like
for me and I know a lot of people can
relate to that and I think especially a
lot of people in fitness might get into
it to kind of like maybe they're anxious
or it calms their nerves because I think
I run really on the anxious side so for
me if I don't learn how to control that
I'll go to the extreme of something so
it's a must for me I actually think it's
a must for everyone to kind of find how
to dance in the different categories of
your life because we're not just one
thing and when we go all in on one thing
were severely neglecting the other parts
of us which makes for an empty human you
know which makes for someone who doesn't
feel who never feels full so I have to
remember that there's so many parts of
me that I need to make sure that I'm
fulfilling for me play is so important
and when I was first when I was first
building my business and when I was
really getting into the fitness world I
neglected play and I neglect it I'm like
I love being a weirdo I love being a
goofball
I love being funny and I thought that I
had to suppress that side of me in order
to win in order to be successful you
know school was College was frowned upon
and like a really restrictive religion
so for me I think that in order to win
and be successful I thought that I had
to just shut down the goofy
had to be a certain way I had to just
drive so hard and what happened is the
driving got me somewhere it drive drive
drive drive do it do it and you know the
voice in my head was like it was very
like a hardcore coach which would get me
somewhere but there was no joy along the
way so every time I'd wind up somewhere
I was like well I thought this would be
way better then was actually here and
and that wasn't even fun was it even
worth it and now it's never enough it's
like never enough and I just felt so
empty as well because this part of me
that I loved I loved that side of me I
love the silly goofy side it's like
that's when I really that feeling of
really liking yourself and feeling alive
that's when I feel most connected to
people and I that was another moment of
okay I really think that all of my power
might be in the complete vulnerability
and when I started sharing my story more
of you know I still have anxiety like
literally when I sat in this chair I was
like a whole day I think there's the
wave again I still have massive anxiety
I'm like a massive weirdo i when I
started sharing those things that was
the people just came flooding in because
they can see you like they can finally
see who you are and they want to know
how you did it and they want to be
around you and they want to learn you
know well how did you get through or how
are you living with that then so you've
got a massive amount of self-awareness
do you have any process around that so
if you've got this intuitive voice that
speaks the walk obviously is a way for
you to create this maze to hear it like
what are some other things that you do
to make sure that you hear it
assess what it means because of course
it doesn't usually speak in the clearest
mm-hm
no I love that question I adopted the
belief that everything in my life no
matter how sucky was happening for me
that it had a message for me so whenever
I'm in the middle of it it's always okay
why could this potentially be happening
for me so I believe that if we don't get
the message from the resistance or from
what's going on
it's gonna keep on coming into your life
in different forms whether it's a person
another business issue something you
know a relationship in your life it's
gonna keep on coming trying to deliver
this message until you get it or if you
don't get it it's gonna like whack you
over the head like a 2x4 so you can live
the nudge life or you can live a
two-by-four life when the nut just come
I'm kind of like okay I get it why are
you here I always want to know why is
this here what's this resistance for
because you know without without
resistance there's no way to build
muscles there's no strength it's like we
asked for these amazing beautiful lives
we asked for these incredible
relationships but when the challenges
that actually make us better people come
where we're like why is this here why is
this coming well it's coming so you can
go to your next level because without it
you'll never be able to handle what
comes with the next level right next
level life comes with next level
problems you have to have already gone
through those to understand how to deal
with what's going on I think that's an
insanely powerful analogy the wait
resistance all of it whether it's
physical mental emotional super powerful
now I can tell you what to do when you
go into a gym I can tell you proper form
how to curl how to squat all of that art
do you have equivalents for the the
mental side where it's like okay this is
I realize now this is the resistance I
ask I get the answer now how do I
actually leverage a deal with it move
forward how do I reach that next level
like mechanistically mmm
okay so for me when when something is
coming into my space that's like very
resistant I do my best to not react so I
think the main thing that I try to do is
what is gonna put me in the least
reactive state I really observe like the
heightened emotions I try to never react
from there so for me I tend to I tend to
want to let the waves pass so if you
feel resistance coming up if you feel
frustrated I think the best thing you
can do is seek to find ways that make
you more of that calm state and that's
going to be huge for you right you're in
a relationship you know that
so if you ever react from this place
probably not going to go well right even
in business if you react from this place
someone on your team something's going
on like you need to come back down to
figure out what the words are to help to
be able to have people understand you
otherwise when you're communicating up
here in the heightened place people are
gonna throw their walls up the problem
is going to you're going to come at the
problem from an angle of just more maybe
like attack or not an understanding
place which I think all business
everything is understanding humans so
you got to come back down to the human
place and you got to come back down to
compassion so my main thing is I will do
anything that I can even if it's walk
away go for a walk to come back down to
the level where I can where I can see
all angles and also bring myself to a
place of compassion because if it's
business if it's relationships there's
always a side that we don't see that
we're not understanding of why they
reacted that way why they responded that
way why this is coming up so do anything
you can whether it's meditate go for a
walk
read something say a prayer anything to
get back to neutral that's really
interesting you seem to steer a lot by
bliss that clearly is something that's
really big in your life big in your
companies define it for us and then why
is it so important hmm so to me bliss is
everything so I've learned that bliss is
the ups
it's the downs it's the resistance it's
the good stuff like without those really
hard times you just don't get the
euphoria on the other side so bliss for
me is everything that comes with the
following of bliss because the finish
line is never as good as it seems so for
me it's like you know people have this
utopian euphoric idea of what bliss is
but those moments are so fleeting that
it's learning to accept and love the
entire journey along the way and to me
the faster than I can accept the things
coming into my space that is blissful
like when I can look at my day and go
well it was a pretty crappy day and I
still did like that was I kind of flowed
through it there were tough times but I
floated through it more with ease and
that LEM so proud of myself for that and
it's like I think just the realization
that it's all for us it is all for us
and that is you know the day-to-day is
the Bliss I'm gonna push you on the the
notion of it's all for us so they really
understand what that means even I'm not
sure I understand what people mean when
they say it so what do you mean when you
say it's all happening for us so I look
at everything that has happened in my
life that I've tried to wish away before
and I thought let's start with a real
specific example let's talk about Cancun
okay okay so that's a great example so
that's a that was a huge traumatic
incident in my life I had gotten
kidnapped by a cab driver after you know
being after drinking too much after
being being 18 years old being in a cab
for eight hours thinking that I might
die but looking back I had some massive
moments of clarity and also I was on
such a trajectory of going downhill
I was drinking every single night my
roommates were bringing drugs into the
house I was doing anything to numb out
at the time because I just left my super
restrictive religious home and just went
wild because number one the guilt of
leaving that was huge and also not
knowing who I was and not really knowing
what my path was not know you know
because going from thinking I was just
supposed to go door to door and preach
to this open world of what do I do and I
kind of just left this whole tribe of
people that I knew and now you're on the
outside and you don't have anyone
basically it was I was going downhill
really fast like I was just on a
terrible path so I kind of think that
that was my to buy for a moment of
you're not going to get it unless
something really big happens to you and
something really big happened to me and
at the time do I think that that was for
me I don't wish it upon anyone but do I
think that maybe I would have woken up
maybe
it was a huge wake-up call for me it's
interesting so I'm gonna fill some
details in unless were for people
listening that haven't heard it before
because I really want them to hear what
you just said which is insanely powerful
that you were kidnapped literally taken
in a taxi you were beaten choked out
welcome back up choked out again this
went on for hours and hours and hours
like a full-blown hostage situation
where he's trying to get money out of
you but you don't have any money and
that's only making him more angry you
have your moment of clarity you start
talking to him to try to connect on a
human level you de-escalate the
situation and finally after six eight
hours whatever day I'm going to think
about that it's crazy amount of time the
first time you said it by the way I
thought you were just saying oh it was
like a really long time not realizing
you actually meant six to eight hours
finally drops you off you survived but
chipped teeth blood everywhere I mean
just madness and yet you look at that
and say there was such a powerful lesson
in that that that's still a for me
moment are you which by the way like is
earth-shattering and if people really
hear what you're saying hopefully either
it will change their life or they're not
listening have you ever heard Tony
Robbins talk about how ask yourself how
the worst thing that ever happen to you
is actually the best thing that ever
happened to you I think so yeah is that
does that line up with what you're
talking about yeah I think that's
insanely powerful who taught you to do
that mmm I don't think you can teach
someone else to want it that badly
because I have tried that with my family
I've tried that with you know when I
used to own a gym and I think that's one
of the hardest parts about being in the
transformation business is that I you
your work is to release the ones that
you want it so bad for so you can find
the ones who are ready and that is like
detachment at its finest because you can
put your self-worth on their
transformation and result and if they
don't want it you can pour your whole
life into them your whole self into them
and you'll leave dry
you'll leave empty because they have to
be equal energy on that path like they
have to meet you
and that's been my life's journey
honestly super vulnerable but with my
family like the detachment is the
hardest part of knowing that if I go
back and try to pour in again I lose
myself you you once said something that
I was blown away by which is you can't
rob someone of their rock-bottom what do
you mean by well I look at my rock
bottom's
and without them I would never do the
work that I do I would have never found
myself I would have never found my
entire purpose on this planet so your
rock bottom is literally when there is
nothing else the whole reason you're
here can finally come through because
you're stripped of everything and all
you have is the internal like that is it
when you have all external stripped away
you can finally figure out if you ask
yourself ok if all I have is me and all
I have is you know what I can do with
this body or how I can connect into
whatever you believe God universe source
Buddha whatever it's like that's all you
have to use and that's when you get the
most clear answers is everything else is
gone so you've been very successful
financially spiritually in the the world
of will call athletics of competing in
the fitness competitions
how do you stay hungry enough to drive
forward as hard as you do mmm
this is such a good question for right
now because all of my dreams are coming
true
and it's like I am super happy right now
and yet I have this whole other level
that I know I'm supposed to access and
and I have this quote just running
through my head like good as the enemy a
great good as the enemy a great because
I'm really good right now like I'm my
book is coming out I have a really happy
marriage I'm doing events that I love I
I love my podcast I love where I'm at
and there's a part of me that's like
yeah I would love to just like let's
just coast here for a while
but it's like but if I don't access that
other part I also know it's those
moments of you know when people ask you
what can you have not done in your life
if you know you're on your deathbed like
what is the what are the biggest things
that you need to do and it's like I
still have all these things that I know
I'm supposed to be doing so for me it's
it's remembering what feeds that because
there's so many things that I did to
feed the hunger right to keep it to stay
hungry to make sure that I stay
motivated right down to this is really
crazy but it's things like yesterday are
two days ago on the airplane I was
watching Creed have you seen that the
boxer of it I know it but I'm okay well
now you need to watch it like tonight
okay
so I watched Creed I watched hidden
figures all of these stories about why
it's so important for people especially
from backgrounds that just you know the
underdog stories why you have to make
sure that you keep blazing trails for
all of those people and I look at all of
the people ahead of me who have done it
and it's like now my huh now I'm feeding
a different place now it's important for
me to do this not just for me and
because I want to fulfill these things
and see people transform and things like
that but it's also because I now in
making my hunger a responsibility to
other people to blaze the next trail to
show them it's possible to go there even
if you were homeschooled even if you had
this restrictive background even if you
whatever that looks like
I now know it's my job to keep going to
blaze the next trail whatever that looks
like next how can you take self love
love yourself as you are the way that
you are fully embrace it and then over
here want to improve be driven make
sacrifices to change so I am so honest
about this that I struggle with both I
think that as a human being when you are
doing anything wanting to be great
accomplish anything there's there's so
many worlds that you're dancing in and
you know people are like where do you
find the balance I you tell me I don't
know because I'm always dancing with
balance and I think that that is I think
that's the balance is that you're
constantly going to
far on this side okay come back here
okay too far on this side okay come back
here and for me that's actually what
balance has now looked like because I
can hear that voice coming back of okay
you know this is your identity get
really fit do this do that and I'm like
okay you're actually doing things that
aren't feeling good anymore and when it
starts to get to this voice of like
neglect of almost like like that coach
of like if you do this you won't have
that and that's not a good place for me
so when that voice starts to come in I'm
like okay how can we pull it back how
could we maybe instead of that crazy
intense hour-long workout and then going
to the work you know go to another
workout that night or go run six miles
that night or three miles like how could
you move your body in a way that you
actually enjoy like what's calling to
you right now so if you must go and move
your body could you maybe dance could
you just go for a walk could you listen
to a podcast like how can you find the
voice that's more centered that's less
like drive drive drive because I also
know because I'm really aware that that
voice can be powerful but it's not
long-term for me it's got a big drop-off
so I can get me up the mountain but I
will fall off the other side and the
comeback is so long and so hard that I
know that I have to soften and come back
to the like the middle and it's falling
off burnout
yeah it's burnout it's I can't I don't
ever want to eat another healthy thing
it's zero energy it's zero inspiration
it's extreme to the other end it's
really interesting what do you say to
women that we are deeply unhappy in
their body follow any joy that you can
in any modality for me in order to start
loving my body again because I had the
most I look but I look back at pictures
and I'm like are you kidding me I
thought I was like I still didn't think
I was good enough and I'm drooling over
these pictures around like what was I
thinking like it's weird when you become
your own you're like I did that what how
did I get there but it's like the only
way for me to start really loving me was
to find joy and other things like how
can I do things in this body that bring
me a lot of joy and notice that my body
is the vessel in which I'm experiencing
the joy through so it's like wow this
body is and I had to start doing things
like that like when I would hug people I
would be like it's gonna make me cry
like I'm so grateful for how this feels
because normally it was like you you can
hate who you are you know sorry but it's
so real for people it's like it may seem
so Patti but we're in these bodies that
are these amazing miracles and it's so
easy to hate them and then miss out on
life because the vessel that you're in
so and I know that men experience that
too they they just don't talk about it
as much so tiny things like going for a
walk and realizing that you're
experiencing nature in the sunset
through your eyeballs and like the Sun
on your skin and what that feels like
and what a gift and a blessing that is
and when that happens for you your whole
life changes it's like the body because
you you find more ease when it really
really happens for you when you practice
and deep gratitude for how you're
experiencing life through that body for
if you enjoy dancing go dance and be so
in that moment and feel it and just
observe how you're experiencing life
through your physical body and that was
huge for me and I still I still practice
that like I'll be on a walk and just be
like okay be here what are you feeling
what's your skin feeling what are you
how are you experiencing nature what's
coming through for you like and and I
feel like we just pass over that and we
view our bodies as an obstacle when
really they're the way of of how we
really live so small stuff like that
makes such an impact that's huge and the
whole notion of Reid looking at things
reframing things is sort of
unintentionally become a theme today
thank you for sending a pre copy of your
book by the way which is really
interesting and I felt like I was behind
like I'd snuck in this secret club
because it's addressed to women and
it's really interesting and the notion
of rewriting your story I thought was
insanely powerful walk us through that
what does it mean to rewrite your story
how can anyone leverage that great
effect mmm and I love it's like so full
circle today because rewriting the story
it was so powerful for me who was
actually at a Tony Robbins event where
he has you really go into like what is
this thing that's playing in your mind
over and over and over we all have these
ideas in our lives of why we're not able
to be as successful as X or this person
or Y this is not for you right and it's
like the second that I was able to call
that out and say oh my god I've just
been repeating this story over and over
I I have anxiety I'm gonna have panic
attacks success isn't for people who
have homeschooled all of these different
reasons that I just kept playing and
hearing from maybe stories that my
parents told or that I had just kind of
made from the past of whatever had
happened in my life or what I had seen
and it just was that concept of like
what if you just freed yourself like
what if you just took the idea that
maybe that was happening for you and it
kind of just the whole idea that hearing
other people's stories that that it's
like that has helped transform them and
that's actually been the catalyst and
that's been the reason why and then I
looked back and I was like that's a
pretty good story to have as like a
catalyst and a reason why I need to work
through that and the reason why I have
to do this and the reason why I have to
just not care what other people think
and I thought how powerful would that be
if I could get through this for all of
the people in the world who I think is
majority of the population who have a
story who think that they can't because
that was me a million percent and I was
like I have to show them how much I
thought that I couldn't and change it
for myself and rewrite this story to let
them know they can actually use that
it's powerful its fuel sometimes it's I
mean I don't want to say it's less
powerful to not have a story because
then people without a story that can be
their story I don't have a story I've
heard that as well and I'm like you know
that's a power
story - so it's it's um using that to
rewrite your news story it was like that
happened and now this is why I have to
do it and do you think about what that
like literal story is you're gonna want
to tell yourself in the future is that
how you conceptualize it like I want to
do this and it will mean this and I will
have accomplished that yeah I think that
our life is really it only means the
meaning we give it like nothing means
anything until we give meaning to it so
you know I could look back at my life
and say wow that was hard or look at
look at what happened or whatever or you
know comparatively to someone else's
life I could be like that was nothing
like that was wow that was a cakewalk
compared to what this person went
through and if you want to have a
meaningful life you have to make it
meaningful which means you have to give
the things in your life meaning and you
have to give them a good meaning so
looking back at everything and saying
yeah that was awful but here's the
meaning that I'm going to make come from
it what do you tell people that when
they hear that they think well there's
the true story yeah and then there's
you're trying to put like some fake spin
I just feel like I'm biessing myself
yeah you totally are in the beginning
but you're biessing yourself on your
fake spin too so I think is super
important mm-hmm what do you mean by
that I think where we're always telling
ourselves a made-up story I think it's
you know I was I had this one I was in
Landmark Forum do you know what that is
like okay and this this teacher had said
he had like just said he's like it's all
made up and he was literally irritating
everyone he's like oh it's everything is
made up like it's whatever you want and
you know these people with these
traumatic stories and myself and
everything because I come from such a
restrictive religion and I was like if
it's made up then why are we here and
what's going I mean it was the most
traumatic moment for me thinking that
life was just like it was all for
nothing it was whatever we want it was
you know he didn't say it was for
whatever we wanted yet but it was this
idea of if you can strip it all away and
just say it's all made up so now you
make it up like what do you want to make
it mean it was the most powerful moment
for me to be like I can make this mean
whatever I want it to mean
because I all it is is we're constantly
just pitching ourselves that's it how do
you want to pitch yourself like do you
want to pitch yourself a great story
about your life or do you want to pitch
yourself a negative story because I
don't care how successful you are you
could pitch yourself that you're busy
that you that it's so hard because you
have money and people don't know what
it's like when you have so much money
and all of these problems and all this
responsibility like we're constantly
pitching ourselves a story and I'm
deciding off of this story is this a
story that I'm telling myself that's
gonna make me happier or is this a story
that's gonna make me sad because it's
owning your emotions and it's owning
your story it's all just it's all made
up for me so I'm gonna make it up in a
way that I want I think that is insanely
powerful I want to talk to more about
the book the seven sacred agreements
mm-hmm there was some pretty interesting
ones in there what are some of the ones
that really hit you when they hit me was
no gossip I was gonna say that I found
very intriguing um okay so no gossip is
so incredibly important and I know that
we've all gossiped and we've all been
gossiped about and I think the the main
thing is bringing awareness around
gossip because it is so powerful and
like I just honestly looking back at my
past it was really understanding how
words have impacted my life you can
probably look at your whole past and
have these moments where someone either
breathed life into you or basically felt
like they took your life away by
something that they said and that's the
feeling that we're feeling right I mean
we can literally be the launch pad for
someone's entire life an entire career
an entire well-being you know I've had a
couple people throughout my path like
say one thing to me and that was it like
something good and that was all I needed
to like just go for the next few years
in the next 10 years or the next
whatever that looks like
and I think no first of all knowing the
power of our words and also when we're
talking about someone we are
intentionally trying to harm them and I
think it's just an energetic boomerang
because what we say about someone always
says more about us and whether we think
we think that or not the person who is
hearing us say these words they're
feeling it and they're immediately
either not trusting you
or being like oh okay that's exactly
it's it's the understanding of when you
were talking about someone people on the
other side I'm very aware if someone's
talking about somebody to me it's like
it's just a matter of time before I'm
the feast for them so I tend to pull
back and I just think it's an energetic
boomerang and we need to be so aware of
what we're doing with our words and
always always always no matter how
hurtful or harmful that person has been
to you I think that gossip is never
going to make it better I think it's
always always going to make it worse
and I think there's a good kind of
gossip and a malicious type of gossip
and I think the good type of gossip is
with those really close friends that you
know you can always hash something
through with and that you know you
always have a solution based
conversation so it's like hey can I talk
to you about this person I want to talk
with the intention of releasing them
forgiving them or figuring out a problem
but first of all I need to say what
really happened can I have the space to
know that this is a safe space to just
be really real let it all out get angry
cry through it you know say how horrible
that person is like move through that
emotion and then have those other people
hold that space for you to be like okay
well now what like how do you want to
get to the peaceful place because at the
end of the day you're either carrying
someone by gossiping about them and
opening that energetic loop and not
closing it or you're releasing them or
forgiving them or figuring out a
solution what's the purpose of the the
seven sacred agreements mm-hmm
the purpose of the seven sacred
agreements is to give people tools to
work through anything that comes up I
think that we have so many unspoken
agreements and I know you know you have
an amazing relationship and you guys
probably have some really foundational
agreements when it comes to business
fighting working through your day what
that looks like and we've never
established those with friends ever
we've never spoken about it we've never
been like hey you know I want to be your
best friend but what do we do when life
gets really hard or what do we do when I
hear that you kind of said something
about me that I didn't want you know to
be said or what do we do when you
you know I have this expectation of you
and you totally don't reach it like
there's all we enter into these
relationships that we want for life with
zero agreements and zero way to talk
through them so what happens is we end
up having all of these disposable
relationships and the second something
hard comes up we're like SIA you know
it's just easier to to write it off or
to let it go because you just don't want
to deal with it you don't want to
confront it maybe it's been too long
so the agreements are really ways of
entering into relationships with
agreements or having the relationships
that you already have and learning these
agreements moving forward very cool all
right before I ask my final question
tell these guys where they can find you
online so you can go to Laurie harder
calm and you can go to a tribe called
bliss calm for the book excellent
awesome my last question is what's the
impact that you want to have on the
world
the impact that I want to have in the
world is to be walking permission for
people to be fully them because I
believe that when you are fully
authentically you you are living in your
bliss and you are living in your purpose
thank you guys this is just a beyond
phenomenal story of somebody who started
in nowhere USA growing up overweight
ruthlessly picked on to the point where
she has paralyzing anxiety it's so bad
she convinces her family to home-school
her because she can't face being having
any attention put on her whatsoever and
now she makes her life coaching being in
front of the camera getting up giving
speeches it is just an absolutely
astonishing transformation of somebody
who said I know what my purpose is I
know what I want to do I know what the
gift is that I want to give to the world
and it's going to force me to go through
this incredibly hard thing and the
notion of not stealing somebody's rock
bottom of not necessarily catching
somebody before they fall of letting him
really go through that and experience
that resistance as she says that just
like with the body getting trained to
that resistance so was the mind so is
the spirit that doing those hard things
going through those hard times reframing
it in your mind as something that's
happening
for you that there's something powerful
that's going to come out of that you can
learn something incredibly
transformational that will change you
forever that will empower you to act in
ways that you wouldn't have been able to
act if that hadn't happened now this is
not somebody that's never been through a
hard time saying that that is somebody
who looked dead in the face of what
happened to her being kidnapped
punched choked out over and over and
coming from that and saying oh no that
was one of the most transformational
moments in my life and put me on the
path that I'm on now is absolutely
incredible because as she said it's all
made up and you get to give it any
meaning you want
so my friends choose wisely and if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
until next time my friends be legendary
take care everybody thank you so much
for watching and being a part of this
community if you haven't already be sure
to subscribe you're going to get weekly
videos on building a growth mindset
cultivating grit and unlocking your full
potential